R-0.0.6 (#282)
bob-crutchley/notes: topics/nginx/modules/http-reverse-proxy-configuration/README.md

# HTTP Reverse Proxy Configuration
<!--TOC_START-->
### Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Reasons for Using a Reverse Proxy](#reasons-for-using-a-reverse-proxy)
	- [Load Balancing & Global Server Load Balancing](#load-balancing--global-server-load-balancing)
	- [Protection from Attacks](#protection-from-attacks)
	- [Caching](#caching)
	- [TLS/SSL Encryption](#tlsssl-encryption)
	- [Visual Representation](#visual-representation)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
	- [Basic](#basic)

> 	- [Multi-Tier Applications](#multitier-applications)

Reviewer: Has this been created yet? The link is broken if so. If not, no problem!

Author: Ah this is a bug with the table of contents generator, I've raised an issue for this: #378

## Configuration
### Basic
A simple NGINX reverse proxy can be configured by using a `proxy_pass` directive for a `location` context inside a HTTP virtual server.
This example will proxy HTTP requests to the `web-app` host on port `80`:
```text
events {}
http {
    server {
        listen 80;
        location / {
            proxy_pass http://web-app;
        }
    }
}
```
### Multi-Tier Applications

> Applications are often developed in multiple tiers, frontend, backend and database for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications are often developed in multiple tiers; front-end, back-end and database for example.
```
